12th Edition 03– 2025
Contents

1. Objective of the Guide
2. Introduction
3. Ministry of Investment Services
 3.1 Investment Registration
 3.1.1 Registration
 3.2 Post-Registration Services.
  3.2.1 Annual Renewal
  3.2.2 Merge Investment Registers
  3.2.3 Amendment of ownership in registration
  3.2.4 Amendment on Economic Activities
  3.2.5 Approval to own and sell the property
  3.2.5.1 Approvals to own/sell real estate to engage in investment activity
  3.2.5.2 Approvals for ownership/sale of real estate activities
  3.2.6 Updating facility information and data
  3.2.7 Cancel registration
  3.2.7.1 Informing for the purpose of voluntary cancellation of registration
  3.2.7.2 Issuing a decision to voluntarily cancel registration
3.3 Value-Added Services
  3.3.1 Strategic Investor Program
  3.3.2 MISA Program
3.3.1 4.Government Services at the One-Stop- Shop Centers
 4.1 Ministry of Justice
 4.2 Ministry of Human Resources and Social Development
 4.3 Ministry of Interior
  4.3.1 General Directorate of Passports
  4.3.2 Recruitment Affairs Directorate
  4.4 General Organization for Social Insurance
 4.5 Ministry of Foreign Affairs
5. Requirements and Obligations
 5.1 Requirements for registration of special categories
 5.1 Specific requirements, conditions, and obligations
 5.1.1 Types of activities, their requirements, minimum capital requirements, and
 national participation percentage
 5.1.2 Requirements for registering special categories
 5.1.3 Additional obligations based on the type of registered activity
6.Contact the Ministry of Investment
 6.1 Communication Channels
 6.2 Contact Information
7.Attachments
 7.1 List of Violations
  7.1.1 List of serious violations:
  7.1.2 List of non-serious violations:
                       01.00: Purpose of This Guide




This guide aims to clarify the requirements and procedures of the
services provided by the Ministry of Investment to enhance efficiency
and ensure high-quality service execution for clients. It also serves as a
reference for all Ministry employees, clients, and relevant entities,
promoting transparency, clarity, and standardization of service
procedures.
02.00: Introduction to Investment Registration in the Kingdom

 The procedures for registering new investments in the Kingdom and making amendments are based on solid foundations and
 objective criteria. These procedures aim to attract and empower serious investments that positively contribute to national economic
 growth and sustainable development, including:



   Development of Saudi human resources
                                                                        Technology transfer and localization


  Enhancing economic competitiveness in
                                                                        Diversification of income sources
  local and global markets



   Balanced regional development.                                       Export growth




  The Ministry of Investment welcomes investors who possess distinguished local or international expertise,
  financial capability, and organizational structure to activate their investments in the Kingdom.

  The Ministry also works on improving the investment environment by offering various opportunities,
  attracting high-value investments, and providing advanced e-services that ensure speed and flexibility in
  transactions between investors and the Ministry. Additionally, it coordinates with relevant government
  agencies and offers post-registration services through Investor Relations Centers.


  Furthermore, the Ministry seeks to facilitate the entry of entities with added value, as well as holders of special residency
  permits, to explore the Saudi market and establish companies under the corporate laws.
2
    02




     03.00: The Ministry of Investment
     Services
         03.01.01: Registering for investment
                                         3.1.1: Registering for investment
04

                                         Service Description

                                         This service enables establishments to register for
                                         investment in the Kingdom in accordance with the
                                         Investment Law and its Executive Regulations.
                                         Registration is available for approved economic
                                         activities in Saudi Arabia open to investment
                                         (ISIC4) According to the requirements of the
                                         activity category (available or restricted).
Service Fees
The applicant commits to paying the      Service Requirements
registration fee later, as determined    1. A copy of the commercial register of the participating
by the ministry upon approval of the         foreign establishment, certified by the Saudi Embassy.
application. Payment must be made        2. A copy of the identity document if one of the partners is
within a period not exceeding fifteen        a natural person (individual) holding the nationality of a
(15) business days from the date of          GCC country (if their information is not registered in the
notification of the due amount for the      Absher system).
                                         3. Financial statements for the last fiscal year of the
service; otherwise, the registration
                                            foreign company applying for registration,
will be considered void.                    authenticated by the Saudi embassy.
                                         4. Providing the requirements related to the type of
                                             activity to be registered in accordance with Section
Service Application Portal
                                             (05.00) of this guide.
Service Application Portal               5. Holders of the Special Residency Permit are exempted
                                             from submitting requirements (1-3) above.
Estimated Processing Time
10 Working Day                           Service Conditions & Restrictions
                                         •   Total percentage of Saudi partner(s) and the capital
                                             according to the minimum limits specified for the type
                                             of activity type in Section (05.00) of this guide.
                                         •   Compliance with the specific conditions outlined for
                                             the activity to be registered, as per Section (05.00) of
                                             this guide.
3
    03




     03.02: Post-Registration Services
3.2.1 Annual Registration
Update

Service Description
This service allows for the annual update of
data or information of the facility
registered in the Ministry of Investment’s
systems in accordance with what is
stipulated in the executive regulations of
the investment system..


Required Documents

None

Service Conditions &
Restrictions
None

Service Fees
The applicant commits to paying the annual
update fee later, as determined by the
ministry upon approval of the application.
Payment must be made within a period not
exceeding fifteen (15) business days from
the date of notification of the due amount
for the service; otherwise, the registration
will be considered void..




Service Application Portal
Electronic Services Portal - Investment
Registration


Estimated Processing Time
5 working days
                                                           3.2.2 Merge Investment
                                                           Registers


                                                           Service Description
                                                            This service is provided to establishments that have
                                                            more than one investment registration and wish to
                                                            merge these registrations into a single registration, or
                                                            to establishments that wish to acquire a different
                                                            establishment.


Service Conditions & Restrictions                         Merging cases:
                                                          If the request is to acquire an independent legal entity
• Fulfilling the conditions and requirements for each
                                                          with different partner(s):
  service associated with the procedure to be
  implemented                                             1. In the case of a change in partners, a change in
• The integration of investment registers and the            shares between partners, or a change in capital,
  transfer of economic activities are in accordance          Must be applied for service number 3.2.3.
  with the regulations and categories of investment       2. If you wish to add economic activities, apply for the
  registers (the following categories of investment
                                                             activity modification number service 3.2.4.
  records are not integrated: Regional
  Headquarters(RHQ)/Scientific offices/Economic           3. A request is submitted to cancel one of the
  offices/Professional companies)                            establishments/establishments Cancellation service
• The establishment must comply with the procedures          number 3.2.7
  for amending the partners’ decision and registering
  the commercial register within 60 days from the
                                                          If the application is to merge investment records owned
  date of amending the investment registration. If this
  is not done, the Ministry of Investment has the right   by one legal entity and the same partner(s):
  to restore the investment register data to its
  previous status.                                        1. In the case of a change in shares between partners,
• The total percentage of Saudi (partner(s) and capital      or a change in capital, Must be applied for service
  shall be consistent with the minimum limits
                                                             number 3.2.3.
  specified for the type of activity in Section Five of
  this guide.                                             2. If you wish to add economic activities, apply for the
• Fulfilling the special requirements contained in           activity modification number service 3.2.4
  Section Five of this Guide.                             3. A request is submitted to cancel one of the
                                                             establishments/establishments Cancellation service
Service Fees                                                 number 3.2.7
  No fees apply

Service Application Portal                                Required Documents
  Electronic Services Portal - Ministry Services
                                                           1. Depending on the type of modification required
Estimated Processing Time                                  2. Partner's decision of merge
  5 working days
                                                       3.2.3 Amendment of ownership in
  07                                                   registration

                                                       Service Description
                                                       This service is available for companies that wish to modify ownership,
                                                       for example, by redistributing shares among partners, entering or
                                                       exiting partners, replacing heirs, or converting the establishment to
                                                       another 100% national company according to a notarized decision of
                                                       the partners, or establishments registered with the Ministry of
                                                       Investment that wish to merge into another existing company of its
                                                       kind or of another type, or by merging two or more companies to
                                                       establish a new company according to a decision of the partners
                                                       approved by the official authorities And what may accompany these
                                                       changes of amendments to the investment register.


                                                       Required Documents
 Service Fees
                                                       1. Partners resolution approving the requested modification,
 No fees apply.
                                                          authenticated by the Chamber of Commerce or the Saudi
                                                          embassy for partners outside the Kingdom.
Service Application Portal                             2. For new partners: Required documents as per the
Electronic Services Portal - Investment Registration
                                                          registration conditions outlined in Section (03.00) of this
                                                          guide.
Estimated Processing Time
5 working days
                                                       3. In cases of succession by heirs: A letter issued by the court
                                                          or an accredited law firm specifying the legal distribution
                                                          of shares among the heirs and the exact ownership
                                                          percentages in the facility.

                                                       Service Conditions & Restrictions
                                                        • The establishment must complete the amendment of the
                                                           partner resolution and update the commercial registration
                                                           within 30 days from the date of investment register
                                                           modification. Failure to do so allows the Ministry of
                                                           Investment to revert the register data to its previous
                                                           status.
                                                        • Total percentage of Saudi partner(s) and the capital
                                                           according to the minimum limits specified for the type of
                                                           activity type in Section (05.00) of this guide.
                                                        • Compliance with the specific requirements outlined for the
                                                           registered activity, as per Section (05.00) of this guide.
3.2.4 Amendment on
Economic Activities

Service Description

This service enables the establishment to
modify, add or delete activities in its
investment register in accordance with
the procedures regulating the type of
activity (available-restricted).



Required Documents

Fulfilling the special requirements
contained in Section Five of this Guide.


Service Conditions & Restrictions
Fulfilling the special requirements
contained in Section Five of this Guide.



Service Fees
No fees apply

Service Application Portal
Electronic Services Portal   -   Ministry
Services



Estimated Processing Time
5 working days
                                                          3.2.5 Approval to own and sell
                                                          the property

                                                          3.2.5.1 Approvals to own/sell real
                                                          estate to engage in investment
                                                          activity

                                                          Service Description
                                                            This service is available for establishments registered
                                                            with the Ministry of Investment that wish to obtain
 Service Conditions & Restrictions                          an approval decision to own or sell the property
                                                            necessary for them to practice their registered
                                                            economic activities. It includes the following
  • The purpose of the sale must not be for commercial      purposes:
    trading.                                                • Own a property as Personal housing.
  • The property must be located outside the boundaries     • Own a property as Industrial facility headquarters.
    of Makkah and Madinah.                                  • Own a property as the company's administrative
                                                              headquarters.
                                                            • Own a property for workers housing.
                                                            • Own a property as Warehouses.




Service Fees
                                                          Required Documents
  No fees apply.
                                                          1. copy of the municipal building permit, an
Service Application Portal                                approval letter from the municipality, or an official
                                                          document specifying the land use from a relevant
  Electronic Services Portal - Ministry Services
                                                          authority.
Estimated Processing Time                                 2. copy of the title deed for the property to be
                                                          purchased must be attached.
  5 working days.
                                                          3.2.5.2 Approvals for ownership/sale of
                                                          real estate activities

                                                          Service Description
                                                          This service is available for establishments registered
                                                          with the Ministry of Investment that practice
                                                          specialized activities in real estate development to
                                                          implement or sell a real estate project.
3.2.6 Updating facility information and
data                                                      Required Documents
                                                          1. A report from an engineering office accredited by the
Service Description                                       Saudi Council of Engineers, specifying the total project
                                                          cost in case of a purchase request.
This service aims to provide the Ministry of
                                                          2. A copy of the title deed for the property to be
Investment with an update on the establishment’s
data, for example (legal entity – name of the             purchased or sold must be attached.
establishment – nationality of the partner – location –
contact officer) and with the information of the          Service Conditions & Restrictions
general manager and representatives of the
establishment, and to designate a delegate with the
ministry to receive notices, notifications, decisions,
and the like. As well as submitting requests for the        • The total project cost (land and construction)
facility to the Ministry.                                     must not be less than 30 million SAR.
                                                            • The property must be located outside the
Required Documents                                            boundaries of Makkah and Madinah.
                                                            • The establishment must utilize the acquired
1. Depending on the type of update requested                  land for the specified purpose within five years.

Service Conditions & Restrictions

None                                                      Service Fees
                                                           No fees apply.
Service Fees
No fees apply.
                                                          Service Application Portal
Service Application Portal                                 Electronic Services Portal - Ministry Services
Electronic Services Portal - Investment Registration

                                                          Estimated Processing Time
Estimated Processing Time                                  5 working days.
5 Working days
                                                    3.2.7 Registration
                                                    Cancellation
                                                    3.2.7.1 Confirmation for
                                                    Voluntary Cancellation

                                                    Service Description
                                                    This service is available for all establishments
 3.2.7.2 Issuing a decision to                      that wish to voluntarily cancel their registration
                                                    and require endorsement letters from relevant
 voluntarily cancel registration                    government entities to facilitate the completion
Service Description                                 of their procedures and the liquidation of the
                                                    establishment.
This service is available for all establishments
that wish to issue a decision for voluntary
registration cancellation after completing the
termination and cancellation of all records,
licenses, and certificates associated with their
                                                     Required Documents
registration with the Ministry of Investment.        • None

Required Documents
1. A certificate of commercial registration         Service Conditions &
cancellation or a statement of non-issuance of a
commercial registration issued by the Ministry of
                                                    Restrictions
Commerce.                                            • None
2. Proof of the cessation of the unique number
with the Zakat, Tax, and Customs Authority.
                                                     Service Fees
Service Conditions & Restrictions
                                                     • No fees apply.
Before applying for the service, the
establishment must ensure the following:
• Workers have been cleared.
• The establishment's location is closed, and        Service Application Portal
    the activity has ceased.
•    The establishment must not be operating or      Electronic Services Portal - Investment
    practicing any activity, either directly or      Registration
    indirectly.
• The commercial registration must be
    canceled with the Ministry of Commerce.         Estimated Processing Time
• Terminate all obligations to external parties,
    including the Ministry of Investment.            2 working days.

Service Fees
• No fees apply.
Service Application Portal
Electronic Services Portal - Investment
Registration
Estimated Processing Time
2 working days.
  3.3 Value-Added Services
  3.3.1 Strategic Investor Program

Service Description & Benefits
The Strategic Investor Program offers a package of services and benefits to both
national and foreign companies that meet the eligibility criteria announced on "Invest
in Saudi Arabia." The program aims to enhance the investment environment, create
new opportunities for investment, and strengthen confidence. This leads to the
diversification of economic activities and an increase in the local economy. The key
benefits include:
 • Support for the development of investment
   opportunities                                                 • Support and solutions to enable investors.
 • Provision of specialized economic sector data                 • Support for finding Saudi talent (Miza)
   and information                                               • .Development of investment opportunities in
 • Investment reports tailored to foreign countries                international markets
   investing in Saudi Arabia                                     • Support for communication with foreign
 • Advisory support on legislation and regulations                 governments on investment matters
   in Saudi Arabia                                               • Consultation on investment incentives
 • Support for issuing professional and                          • Guidance on funding opportunities
   operational licenses.                                         • Development of commercial and investment
 • Guidance on industrial and economic zones                       partnerships (alignment)
 • Consultation on visa requirements and                         • Strengthening collaboration in research and
   procedures                                                      development with research centers
 • Consultation on Saudization requirements and
   procedures




Key Benefits for Program Participants
 • Priority access to events
 • Event sponsorship and partnership opportunities          • Dedicated relationship manager support
 • A regular newsletter to track developments in business   • Facilitation of obtaining premium residency
 laws and regulations in Saudi Arabia                       • Opportunities to network with decision-makers and
 • Membership in other government programs for              leading investors in the Kingdom
 prominent investors                                        • Exclusive channels for investor feedback and
 • Access to exclusive products from the private sector     suggestions
                                                                    Required Documents for the
                                                                    Service

                                                                      • Attach the required documents in the
                                                                      electronic application submission form.




 Service Fees
 The establishment must pay the service fees, if applicable, as
 determined by the Ministry upon approval of the classification     Service Conditions & Restrictions
 mechanism. Payment must be made within 30 days from the
                                                                      • Registration on the Ministry of
 notification date of the classification and the applicable fees.
                                                                      Investment website.
                                                                      • Meeting the eligibility criteria based on
                                                                      the establishment's classification.
Service Application Portal
Electronic Portal – Strategic Investor Program



                                                                    Eligibility Criteria
Estimated Processing Time                                           1. Companies registered in prominent government
5 working days                                                      programs.
                                                                    2. Company size and economic impact.
                                                                    3. Strategic companies.




                                                                     Target Groups (Eligible Entities)
                                                                     • National companies
For more details about the program and services                      • Foreign companies registered with the
                                                                     Ministry of Investment
offered, visit [here].
                                                                     • Companies not registered in the
                                                                     Kingdom.
      3.3.2 Miza Program



Service Description
Miza is a leading program under the National Investment Strategy initiatives aimed at
enhancing the investor's experience through a seamless and integrated investment journey in
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The program offers value-added services through a regulated
electronic portal that facilitates investors' access to private sector business service providers,
boosting the efficiency of the investment environment and supporting a competitive and
sustainable business ecosystem.

Types of Services
The Miza program provides a wide range of services across 12 service portfolios for both local and foreign
investors:



  •   Communication and Events                                     • Financial and Accounting Services
  •   Talent Solutions                                             • Digital and Technology Services
  •   Market Entry Support                                         • Ongoing Investor Support
  •   Legal, Tax, and Compliance Services                          • Concierge and Logistics Services
  •   Market Analysis                                              • Marketing and Public Relations
  •   Real Estate Services                                         • Investor Alignment




 Required Documents for the              Service Conditions & Restrictions                          Service Fees
 Service

   • None
                                        • Registration on the Ministry of                         • No fees
                                          Investment website
                                                                                          Electronic Portal – Miza Program
                                         Service Application Portal                       Estimated Processing Time

                                        • Electronic Portal – Miza Program               • Depends on the type of service
 For more details about the program and the services provided, visit                       requested.
 [here].
04




04.00: Government Services at
One-Stop-Shop Service Centers
                                                      04.01 Ministry of
                                                      Justice
                                                      04.01.01 Issuance of Power
                                                      of Attorney
04.01.02 Industrial Mortgage                          Service Description
 Service Description                                  This service is provided to companies that
                                                      wish to issue powers of attorney to
 This service is provided to industrial               representatives for following up on their
 companies that wish to mortgage assets               business operations.
 to obtain specific facilities or services.
                                                      Required Documents
 Required Documents
                                                      1. Copy of the commercial registration.
 1. Copy or number of the commercial registration.
                                                      2. Proof of identity of the applicant and
 2. Articles of incorporation for companies
                                                      their position.
 (showing authority for the company's manager to
                                                      3. Articles of Incorporation.
 mortgage and sign on behalf of the company), or
 a legal power of attorney specifying the mortgage.
 3. If the mortgaged asset includes property, the
                                                      Service Conditions &
 original deed must be attached.
 4. Provide a letter requesting the Ministry of       Restrictions
 Investment’s endorsement of the mortgage.
                                                      1. The application number must be
 5. Provide a letter from the Industrial
                                                      attached, filled electronically on the
 Development Fund.
                                                      Ministry of Justice website.
 6. Provide a statement of the mortgaged assets.
                                                      2. The official power of attorney form
                                                      must be completed electronically.
Service Conditions & Restrictions                     3. For those holding a visitor visa,
1. The letter of approval from the Ministry of        registration in the Absher service with the
Investment must include specific details about the    border number is required.
mortgaged property, such as the deed number and       Service Fees
date, and mention the requesting authority (e.g.,     Payment of the applicable fees for the
court, etc.).                                         government agency providing the service
                                                      (if any).
Service Fees
Payment of applicable fees for the government         Service Application Location
agency providing the service (if any).
                                                       One-Stop Services centers.
Service Application Location
One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah, Dammam).           Service Application Location
Service Application Location                          1 working day.
1 working day.
                                                 04.01.03 Documenting
                                                 of Company
                                                 Establishment Contracts

Service Conditions & Restrictions

For Heirs:                                       Service Description
1. The in-kind shares must be detailed
(e.g., vehicles should specify type, model,      This service is provided to companies
and value; buildings and facilities should       wishing to document a new or amended
specify whether they are leased or               founding contract (for heirs, minors, or
provided by the partners).                       judicial rulings).
2. Update the investment registration
based on the inheritance deed and legal          Required Documents
office's letter.                                 1. Proof of identity for the partners and
3. The heirs or their representative must        the company's establishment contract,
be present.                                      along with any amendments (if
 For Minors:                                     applicable). Alternatively, provide the
 The guardian or legal representative must       original notarized and stamped power of
 either be present with a power of               attorney, with translations, from all
 attorney or guardianship.                       company partners or the manager
 For Judicial Rulings:                           authorized to sign the establishment
 A letter from the family court authorizing      contracts.
 the requested amendment, whether it is          2. A notarized authorization for the
 for sale, transfer, etc., is required.          applicant, with proof of the identity of the
                                                 authorized person, or provide the original
 Service Fees                                    legal power of attorney (notarized,
 Payment of applicable fees for the government   stamped, and translated).
 agency providing the service (if any).          3. The inheritance certificate if the request
                                                 concerns heirs or minors.
Service Application Location                     4. Guardianship documents for minors
                                                 and proof of permission for entry or exit
• One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah) for         of the minor if the request concerns
requests concerning heirs or minors.             minors.
• One-Stop Services centers (Dammam) for         5. A judicial ruling in the executable
requests concerning heirs, minors, or judicial   format if the request involves a judicial
rulings.                                         ruling.
Estimated Processing Time
2 working days.
                                                    04.01.04 Documenting
                                                    an Amended
                                                    Establishment Contract

                                                    Service Description
                                                    This service is provided to companies
                                                    wishing to document an amended
 Service Conditions &                               founding contract for (heirs, minors, or
 Restrictions                                       judicial rulings).

 For Heirs:                                         Required Documents
 1. The in-kind shares must be detailed (e.g.,
 vehicles should specify type, model, and value;    1. A copy of the commercial registry.
 buildings and facilities should specify whether
 they are leased or provided by the partners).      2. The establishment contract, certified by the
 2. Update the investment registration based on     Ministry of Commerce (along with the application
 the inheritance deed and legal office's letter.    number from the Ministry of Commerce, if
 3. The heirs or their representative must be       available).
 present.
 For Minors:                                        3. Proof of identity for the partners and the
 The guardian or legal representative must either   company's establishment contract, along with any
 be present with a power of attorney or             amendments (if applicable), or provide the
 guardianship.                                      original notarized and stamped power of attorney
 For Judicial Rulings:                              with translations from all company partners or
 A letter from the family court authorizing the     the manager authorized to sign the establishment
 requested amendment, whether it is for sale,       contracts.
 transfer, etc., is required.
                                                    4. A notarized authorization for the applicant,
                                                    with proof of the identity of the authorized
 Service Fees
                                                    person, or provide the original legal power of
Payment of applicable fees for the government       attorney (notarized, stamped, and translated).
agency providing the service (if any).              5. The inheritance certificate if the request
                                                     concerns heirs or minors.
Service Application Location                        6. Guardianship documents for minor
                                                    s and proof of permission for entry or exit of the
• One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah) for requests   minor if the request concerns minors.
concerning heirs or minors.                         7. A judicial ruling in the executable format if the
• One-Stop Services centers (Dammam) for requests   request involves a judicial ruling.
concerning heirs, minors, or judicial rulings.


Estimated Processing Time
 2 working days.
                                               04.01.05 Real Estate
                                               Transfer
                                               Service Description
                                               This service allows for the
04.01.06 Trademark Usage                       registration of real estate
                                               transfer requests after
Documentation                                  completing the requirements for
Service Description                            the property sale and ownership
This service is provided to companies          service.
wishing to document the usage of their
trademarks.                                    Required Documents
                                               1. A copy of the commercial registration.
Required Documents                             2. A copy of the incorporation contracts if
                                               the entity is a company.
1. A copy of the commercial registration.
                                               3. Identification documents for the
2. A copy of the incorporation contracts if    authorized signatories registered in the
the entity is a company.                       incorporation contract and commercial
3. Identification documents for the            registry, or power of attorney and ID for
                                               the agent.
authorized signatories registered in the
incorporation contract and commercial          Service Conditions &
registry, or power of attorney and ID for      Restrictions
the agent.                                    1.   The property deed must be updated and
                                                   within the city limits of the applicant.
Service Conditions & Restrictions             2.   The area should not exceed (10,000)
                                                   square meters.
A letter of intellectual property             3.   In the event that the applicant is the
ownership must be provided.                        representative, the agency and the
                                                   national identity must be presented with
Service Fees
                                                   an authority of buy/sell property.
Payment of applicable fees for the            Service Fees
government agency providing the
service (if any).                              Payment of applicable fees for the
                                               government agency providing the service (if
Service Application Location                   any).
One-Stop Services centers                     Service Application Location
(Jeddah, Dammam).                             One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah, Dammam).
Estimated Processing Time                     Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.                                 1 working day.
                                                  04.01.07 Debt Acknowledgment
                                                  and Clearance

                                                  Service Description
                                                  This service is provided to companies or
                                                  institutions wishing to create an
04.01.08 Mortgage and Mortgage                    acknowledgment of debt between themselves
                                                  and another party or to clear an existing debt.
Release

Service Description                               Required Documents
This service is provided to companies             1. A copy of the commercial registration.
wishing to mortgage their property or             2. A copy of the incorporation contracts if the
release the mortgage on their deeds.              entity is a company.
                                                  3. Identification documents for the authorized
                                                  signatories registered in the incorporation
Required Documents
                                                  contract and commercial registry, or power of
1. A copy of the commercial registration.         attorney and ID for the agent.
2. A copy of the incorporation contracts if the
entity is a company.                              Service Conditions & Restrictions
3. Identification documents for the authorized
signatories registered in the incorporation        None
contract and commercial registry, or power of
attorney and ID for the agent.
                                                  Service Fees
                                                   Payment of applicable fees for the
Service Conditions & Restrictions                  government agency providing the service
A letter from the mortgaging entity.               (if any).

Service Fees                                      Service Application Location
Payment of applicable fees for the      Service Application Location
government agency providing the service
(if any).                               Estimated Processing Time
Service Application Location                       1 working day.

One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah).

Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                  04.01.09 Deed
                                                  Modification

                                                  Service Description
                                                   This service is provided to companies
04.01.10 Deed Update                               wishing to modify their real estate deeds.

Service Description
                                                  Required Documents
This service is provided to companies
wishing to update their real estate deeds.         1. A copy of the commercial registration.
                                                   2. A copy of the incorporation contracts if
Required Documents                                 the entity is a company.
                                                   3. Identification documents for the
1. A copy of the commercial registration.
                                                   authorized signatories registered in the
2. A copy of the incorporation contracts if the
                                                   incorporation contract and commercial
entity is a company.
                                                   registry, or power of attorney and ID for
3. Identification documents for the authorized
                                                   the agent.
signatories registered in the incorporation
contract and commercial registry, or power of
attorney and ID for the agent.                    Service Conditions & Restrictions
4. A copy of the deed to be updated or its
                                                  None
number.

Service Conditions & Restrictions                 Service Fees
None                                              Payment of applicable fees for the
                                                  government agency providing the
Service Fees
                                                  service (if any).
Payment of applicable fees for the
government agency providing the service
                                                  Service Application Location
(if any).
                                                  One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah).
Service Application Location                       Estimated Processing Time
• Ministry of Justice Electronic Portal            1 working day.
(Najiz).
• If you encounter any technical issues, we
are happy to assist you at the One-Stop
Services centers (Jeddah).
Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                       04.02 General
                                                       Directorate of Passports
                                                      04.02.01 Exit and Re-Entry Visa
                                                      Service Description
                                                       This service is provided to company owners
                                                       who wish to obtain a new exit and re-entry
                                                       visa for the owners or directors of the
04.02.02 Final Exit Visa for Investors                 company in professions such as Investor,
and Senior Professions                                 General Manager, CEO, or Chairman of the
                                                       Board, as well as their companions.
 Service Description
This service is provided to company owners             Required Documents
who wish to obtain a final exit visa for
themselves or their senior professionals               1. A valid copy of the commercial registration.
(Investor, General Manager, CEO, Chairman of           2. A valid copy of the investment registration.
the Board) only.                                       3. A copy of the residence permit and passport.
                                                       4. A copy of the head of household's residence
Required Documents                                     permit.
1. A copy of the commercial registration.
2. A copy of the incorporation contracts if the
entity is a company.                                  Service Conditions & Restrictions
1. A copy of the commercial registration.             1. Fill out the approved unified passport form
2. Original and copy of the residence permit.         by the General Directorate of Passports, and
3. Original and copy of the passport.                 have the form approved by the service center.
4. A copy of the investment registration              2. This service is provided through the Absher
                                                      or Muqeem system. If the application cannot
Service Conditions & Restrictions                     be submitted, proof of the issue should be
1. If the investor requests a final exit visa while   provided.
the company remains operational, they must
provide proof of exit from the company and
document the establishment or appointment             Service Fees
of a proxy to sign the contract for the
investor's exit. Additionally, they must submit       Payment of applicable fees for the government
a clearance letter for domestic workers under         agency providing the service (if any).
their sponsorship.
2. Fill out the approved unified passport form
by the General Directorate of Passports.
                                                      Service Application Location
                                                      • Electronic portal (Absher platform for
Service Fees                                          investors, Muqeem platform for senior
Payment of applicable fees for the government         professions).
agency providing the service (if any).                • Electronic Government Services Portal -
                                                      Government Services - General Directorate of
Service Application Location                          Passports.
• In-person for investors at the service provider's   • If you encounter any technical issues, we are
location – One-Stop Services centers.                 happy to assist you at the One-Stop Services
• Electronic Government Services Portal -             centers.
Government Services - General Directorate of
Passports.                                            Estimated Processing Time
Estimated Processing Time                              1 working day.
1 working day.
                                                 04.02.03 Cancel Exit and
                                                 Re-Entry Visa

                                                Service Description
                                                This service is available for company
                                                owners and employees who wish to
                                                cancel a previously issued exit and re-
                                                entry visa.




Service Fees                                    Required Documents
Payment of applicable fees for the               1.A copy of commercial registration.
                                                 2.A copy of the investment registration.
government agency providing the service          3.Submission of a letter from the company or
(if any).                                        establishment stating the application.

Service Application Location
• Electronic Portal (Absher Platform –
Muqeem Platform).
• Government Services Portal - General
Directorate of Passports.                       Service Conditions &
• In case of technical issues, the service is   Restrictions
available at the One-Stop Services              1. If the visa has been unused for
                                                more than 3 months, a penalty of
centers.                                        1,000 SAR will apply, to be paid
                                                through an ATM.
Estimated Processing Time                       2. This service can be accessed via
                                                the Absher or Muqeem systems (if
1 working day.
                                                unable to apply online, proof of this
                                                must be provided).
                                                 04.02.04 Issuance of a
                                                 New Residency Permit


                                                Service Description
                                                This service is available for company
                                                owners who wish to issue a new
                                                residency permit.
Service Fees
                                                Required Documents
Payment of applicable fees for the
                                                1. A copy of the valid commercial
government agency providing the service
                                                registration.
(if any).
                                                2. A copy of the valid investment
Service Application Location                    registration.
• Electronic Portal (Absher Platform –          3. A copy of the passport with the entry
Muqeem Platform).                               visa
• Government Services Portal - General
                                                Service Conditions &
Directorate of Passports.
• In case of technical issues, the service is   Restrictions
available at the One-Stop Services              1. If the request is for issuing a residency
                                                   permit for a General Manager, a copy of
centers.                                           the commercial registration with the
                                                   General Manager’s name must be
                                                   provided.
 Estimated Processing Time                      2. If requesting a residency permit for the
                                                   General Manager, an electronic work
 1 working day.
                                                   permit must be issued from the Ministry of
                                                   Human Resources and Social
                                                   Development’s website.
                                                3. A comprehensive medical report must be
                                                   electronically submitted to the General
                                                   Directorate of Passports.
                                                4.An electronic health insurance certificate
                                                   must be submitted to the General
                                                   Directorate of Passports.
                                                5. Fill out the unified (passport) form
                                                   approved by the General Directorate of
                                                   Passports and have it verified by the One-
                                                   Stop Services centers.
                                                6.This service can be accessed via the Absher
                                                   or Muqeem systems (if unable to apply
                                                   online, proof of this must be provided).
                                                  04.02.05 Issuance of Residence
                                                  Permit for Private Driver or
                                                  Domestic Worker
                                                  Service Description
                                                  Service Description:
                                                  This service is provided to company
                                                  owners who wish to issue a new
04.02.06 Separation of Dependent                  residence permit for a private driver or
                                                  domestic worker.
with Independent Residence Permit
Service Description                               Required Documents
                                                   1. A valid commercial registration
This service is provided to company owners
                                                   copy.
and workers who wish to separate a
dependent with an independent residence            2. A copy of the investment
permit.                                            registration.
                                                   3. A passport copy.
                                                   4. A copy of the Employer
Required Documents                                 residence permit.
1. A copy of the commercial registration.         Service Conditions & Restrictions
2. A copy of the investment registration.         • This service is provided through the Absher
3. A passport copy.                                 or Muqeem systems (if issuance is not
4. Original residence permit of the head of the
                                                    possible, proof of this must be provided).
family.
5. Proof of education for male children who are   • A comprehensive electronic medical report
over 18 years old.                                  sent to the General Directorate of Passports.
6. A commitment not to marry for female           • Filling out the approved "Issuance of
children over 18 years old                          Residence Permit" form from the General
                                                    Directorate of Passports.
Service Conditions & Restrictions                  Service Fees
1. Filling out the approved "Separation of
Dependent with Independent Residence              Payment of any applicable fees to the
Permit" form from the General Directorate of      government entity providing the service
Passports.
2. This service is provided through the Absher
or Muqeem systems (if issuance is not
possible, proof of this must be provided).
                                                  Service Application Location
                                                  • Electronic Portal (Absher Platform - Muqeem
Service Fees                                      Platform).
                                                  • Electronic Services Portal - Government
 Payment of any applicable fees to the            Services - General Directorate of Passports.
 government entity providing the service          • If you face any technical issues, we are happy
                                                  to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.
Service Application Location
-Electronic Services Portal - Government          Estimated Processing Time
Services - General Directorate of Passports.
-Electronic Portal (Absher Platform - Muqeem      1 working day.
Platform).
-If you face any technical issues, we are happy
to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.
Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                   04.02.07 Residence Permit Renewal


                                                   Service Description
                                                   This service is provided to company owners
                                                   who wish to issue a new residence permit for
                                                   owners, managers, and their dependents.


04.02.08 Cancellation of                           Required Documents
Residence Permit for Individuals
                                                    1. A copy of the commercial registration.
Who Left and Did Not Return                         2. A copy of the investment registration.
                                                    3. A copy of the residence permit and
                                                    passport.
 Service Description
 This service is provided for establishments
 that wish to cancel the residence permit for        Service Conditions & Restrictions
 investors or managers who left the Kingdom
 and did not return within the visa validity       If renewing the residence permit for the
                                                   General Manager, the following must be
 period                                            provided:
                                                   •      Work card.
 Required Documents                                •     Commercial registration containing the
                                                         name of the General Manager.
 1. A copy or number of the commercial             •     Filling out the approved "Residence
 registration.                                           Permit Renewal" form from the General
 2. A copy of the investment registration.               Directorate of Passports.
 3. Original residence permit.                     •     A comprehensive electronic medical
                                                         insurance report sent to the General
                                                         Directorate of Passports.
 Service Conditions & Restrictions                 •     This service is provided through the
                                                         Absher or Muqeem systems (if issuance
1. The application must be submitted after 31            is not possible, proof of this must be
days have passed since the return visa                   provided).
expiration.
2. Payment of the fine for losing the residence     Service Fees
permit (1000 SAR).
3. Submission of a letter on the                   Payment of any applicable fees to the
establishment's letterhead requesting the
service, certified by the Chamber of               government entity providing the service
Commerce.
 Service Fees
Payment of any applicable fees to the              Service Application Location
government entity providing the service            • Electronic Portal (Absher Platform - Muqeem
                                                   Platform).
 Service Application Location                      • Electronic Services Portal - Government
                                                   Services - General Directorate of Passports.
• Electronic Services Portal - Government          • If you face any technical issues, we are happy
Services - General Directorate of Passports.       to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.
• If you face any technical issues, we are happy
to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.     Estimated Processing Time

                                                    1 working day.
Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                 04.02.09 Issuance of Replacement
                                                 for Lost Residence Permit

                                                 Service Description
                                                  This service is provided to company owners
                                                  and workers who wish to issue a
                                                  replacement for a lost residence permit.

04.02.10 Adding Dependent                        Required Documents
to Head of Household                              1. A copy or number of the commercial
                                                  registration.
 Service Description                              2. A copy of the investment registration.
                                                  3. A copy of the residence permit (if
 This service is provided to company              available).
 owners who wish to add a dependent to
 the head of household.
                                                   Service Conditions & Restrictions
 Required Documents
                                                 1. Filling out the approved "Residence Permit
 1. A copy of the commercial registration.       Issuance" form from the General Directorate of
 2. A copy of the investment registration.       Passports.
 3. A copy of the residence permit and           2. Filling out the approved "Lost Residence
 passport.                                       Permit" form from the General Directorate of
 4.The original copy of Paterfamilias            Passports
 Iqama.
 Service Conditions &                              Service Fees
 Restrictions
                                                 Payment of any applicable fees to the
1. A birth certificate must be provided if the
dependent was born in the Kingdom of Saudi       government entity providing the service.
Arabia.
2. Filling out the approved "Add Dependent"
form from the General Directorate of
Passports.                                       Service Application Location

 Service Fees                                    • Electronic Services Portal - Government
                                                 Services - General Directorate of Passports.
 Payment of any applicable fees to the           • If you face any technical issues, we are happy
 government entity providing the service.        to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.

Service Application Location
                                                  Estimated Processing
• Electronic Services Portal - Government
Services - General Directorate of Passports.      Time
• If you face any technical issues, we are
happy to assist you at the One-Stop Services      1 working day.
centers.
Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                               04.02.11 PRINT Application


                                                Service Description

                                                This service is provided to entities who
                                                desire to issue PRINT document to be
04.02.12 Biometric                              provided to other government entities..
Fingerprint                                     Required Documents
                                                11.A copy of commercial registration.
Service Description                             2.A copy of the investment license.
                                                3.A letter from the company or
This service is provided to establishments
                                                establishment stating the request for
that wish to register biometric fingerprints
                                                PRINT document
for investors and managers
                                                Service Conditions & Restrictions
Required Documents
                                                None
1. A copy of the commercial registration.
2. A copy of the investment registration.        Service Fees
3. Original and copy of the passport.
4. Original and copy of the residence          Payment of any applicable fees to the
permit for residents.
                                               government entity providing the service.
Service Conditions & Restrictions              Service Application Location
• None
                                               •E-Services Portal - Government Services -
Service Fees                                   General Department of Passports.
                                               •If you encounter any technical problem, we will
Payment of any applicable fees to the          be pleased to serve you at Ministry of
                                               Investment investors’ relations centers (Jeddah
government entity providing the service.       and Riyadh cities).
                                               .
Service Application Location                     Estimated Processing Time
One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah - Riyadh).
                                                1 working day.
Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
 04.02.13 Passport
 Information Update

Service Description
 This service is provided to company
 owners and managers who wish to
 update their passport details.
 Required Documents
  1. A copy of the commercial registration.
  2. A copy of the investment registration.
  3. The old and new passport, along with
  the originals.
  4. Original residence permit.



Service Conditions &
Restrictions
1. Filling out the approved "Passport
Information Update" form from the General
Directorate of Passports.

Service Fees
Payment of any applicable fees to the
government entity providing the service.


Service Application Location

• Electronic Services Portal - Government
Services - General Directorate of Passports.
• If you face any technical issues, we are happy
to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.

Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                      04.02.14 Sponsorship Transfer and
                                                      Modification of Senior Occupations


                                                      Service Description
                                                      This service is provided to establishments
                                                      that wish to transfer sponsorship or
                                                      modify the profession for senior positions
                                                      (General Manager, CEO, Chairman of the
                                                      Board).

                                                       Required Documents
                                                       1. A copy of the commercial registration.
                                                       2. A copy of the investment registration.
                                                       3. Original and copy of the passport.
   Service Fees                                        4. Original and copy of the residence permit.
                                                       5. A letter of resignation from the previous
                                                       employer, certified by the Chamber of
  Payment of any applicable fees to the                Commerce.
  government entity providing the service.             6. A letter from the establishment
                                                       requesting the profession modification and
                                                       sponsorship transfer.
                                                       7. Approval from the Ministry of Human
 Service Application Location                          Resources and Social Development for
                                                       transferring the services of the foreign
• Electronic Services Portal - Government Services     worker (service No. 10.03.02) and modifying
- General Directorate of Passports.                    the profession (service No. 10.03.04) as per
• Electronic Portal (Absher Platform - Muqeem          this guide.
Platform).                                             8. A certified authorization letter for the
• If you face any technical issues, we are happy to    applicant with proof of the authorized
assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.           person's identity or a legal power of
                                                       attorney.

                                                       Service Conditions & Restrictions
 Estimated Processing Time
                                                      1. Completion of the electronic procedures for
  1 working day.                                      employer approval.
                                                      2. Filling out the approved "Sponsorship
                                                      Transfer and Profession Modification" form
                                                      from the General Directorate of Passports.
                                             04.02.15 Transfer of
                                             Sponsorship for Private Driver
                                             or Domestic Worker



                                             Service Description
                                             This service is provided to company
                                             owners who wish to transfer the
                                             sponsorship for a private driver or
                                             domestic worker.
 Service Fees
                                             Required Documents
 Payment of any applicable fees to the
                                             1. A copy of the commercial registration.
 government entity providing the service.
                                             2. A copy of the investment registration.
                                             3. Original and copy of the passport.
                                             4. A copy of the new employer's residence
                                             permit.
                                             5. A resignation letter from the previous
Service Application Location                 employer, certified by the General
• Electronic Portal (Absher Platform -       Directorate of Passports.
                                             6. A copy of the private driver’s driving
Muqeem Platform).
                                             license.
• If you face any technical issues, we are
                                             7. A bank statement or a salary printout
happy to assist you at the One-Stop
                                             from social insurance.
Services centers.
                                                  • None

Estimated                                    Service Conditions &
Processing Time                              Restrictions
 1 working day.                              1. Filling out the approved "Sponsorship
                                             Transfer" form from the General
                                             Directorate of Passports.
                                             2. Submitting the request in advance via
                                             the "Musaned" platform and obtaining
                                             approval before visiting the General
                                             Directorate of Passports.
04.03 Ministry of Human Resources
and Social Development
04.03.01 Data Update



Service Description
This service is provided to establishments
that wish to update their data.


 Required Documents
 1. A copy of the investment registration.
 2. A copy of the commercial registration.
 3. A license from the relevant authority
 (if available).
 4. A copy of the municipal license.

Service Conditions &
Restrictions
1. A registered Saudi authorized representative
who is listed as a user of the establishment or
account manager in electronic services.
Service Fees
Payment of any applicable fees to the
government entity providing the service.

 Service Application Location
• The Ministry of Human Resources and Social
Development Electronic Portal.
• Electronic Services Portal - Government
Services - Ministry of Human Resources and
Social Development.
• If you face any technical issues, we are happy
to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.

Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                              04.03.02 Transfer of
                                              Worker’s Services
                                               Service Description
                                               This service is provided to establishments
                                               that wish to transfer a worker’s services
                                               to their company.


                                               Required Documents
  Service Fees                                1. A letter to the representative of the
                                              Ministry of Human Resources and Social
                                              Development, stating the establishment’s
  Payment of any applicable fees to the       request to transfer the worker to work with
  government entity providing the service.    them, certified by the Chamber of
                                              Commerce.
                                              2. A resignation letter from the previous
                                              establishment on its letterhead, certified by
Service Application Location
                                              the Chamber of Commerce.
                                              3. A declaration from the concerned worker
• Electronic Services Portal - Government
                                              agreeing to transfer the sponsorship.
Services - Ministry of Human Resources        4. A copy of the investment registration.
and Social Development.                       5. A copy of the commercial registration.
• If you face any technical issues, we are    6. A copy of the residence permit.
                                              7. A copy of the passport.
happy to assist you at the One-Stop           8. A certified authorization letter for the
Services centers (Jeddah - Riyadh).           applicant with proof of the authorized
                                              person's identity or a legal power of attorney




Estimated                                    Service Conditions &
Processing Time                              Restrictions
  2 working day.                             1. The sponsorship transfer is carried out via the Qiwa
                                             platform, affiliated with the Ministry of Human
                                             Resources and Social Development.
                                             2. The service is provided only for dependents and
                                             those facing issues with the system, via the electronic
                                             services portal on the Qiwa platform, affiliated with
                                             the Ministry of Human Resources and Social
                                             Development.
                                             3. Filling out the approved "Transfer of Services" form
                                             from the Ministry of Human Resources and Social
                                             Development.
                                             04.03.03 Modify Trade
                                             Name
                                              Service Description
                                              Service Description:
                                              This service is provided to establishments
                                              that wish to modify the registered name
                                              of the establishment.


                                             Required Documents

Service Application Location                  1. A copy of the investment
                                              registration before and after the
                                              modification.
• Electronic Services Portal - Government
                                              2. A copy of the commercial
Services - Ministry of Human Resources        registration before and after the
and Social Development.                       modification.
• The Ministry of Human Resources and         3. A copy of the founding contract
Social Development Electronic Portal          before and after the modification.
(Qiwa Platform).
• If you face any technical issues, we are
                                             Service Conditions &
happy to assist you at the One-Stop
Services centers (Jeddah - Riyadh).          Restrictions
                                             None

                                             Service Fees
                                             Payment of any applicable fees to the
Estimated                                    government entity providing the service.

Processing Time
  1 working day.
                                                04.03.04 Change of Occupation
                                                (Executive Positions)
                                                Service Description
                                                 This service is provided to companies that
                                                 wish to modify occupations to executive
                                                 positions (General Manager, CEO,
                                                 Chairman of the Board).

                                                 Required Documents
                                                1. A copy of the investment registration.
                                                2. A copy of the commercial registration.
                                                3. A copy of the founding contract.
                                                4. A request letter for the occupation change on
                                                the company's letterhead, certified by the
Service Fees                                    Chamber of Commerce.
                                                5. A declaration from the foreign worker
Payment of any applicable fees to the           requesting the occupation change.
government entity providing the service.        6. A copy of the residence permit.
                                                7. A copy of the applicant's ID.

Service Application Location                    Service Conditions &
2. The Ministry of Human Resources and Social   Restrictions
Development Electronic Portal (Qiwa
Platform).
3. If you face any technical issues, we are     1. The request must be submitted through the
happy to assist you at the One-Stop Services    Electronic Services Portal on the Qiwa
centers.
                                                platform of the Ministry of Human Resources
                                                and Social Development.
Estimated Processing Time                       2. If there is an issue submitting the request
                                                through the platform, manual submission or
2 working day.                                  submission via the Ministry of Investment's
                                                electronic services is required, with the noted
                                                issue attached.
                                                3. A Saudi-appointed authorized person must
                                                be registered as the company’s user or
                                                account manager in the electronic services.
                                                4. Fill out the "Transfer of Services" form
                                                approved by the Ministry of Human Resources
                                                and Social Development.
                                                      04.03.05 Activate Business File


                                                       Service Description
                                                       This service is provided to
                                                       companies that wish to activate a
                                                       new business file.
 04.03.06 Cancel Business File
                                                      Required Documents
 Service Description
                                                       1. A copy of the investment registration.
 This service is provided to companies that wish       2. A copy of the commercial registration.
 to cancel their business file with the Ministry of    3. The file opening request number.
 Human Resources and Social Development
 Required Documents
                                                       Service Conditions &
 1. A copy of the commercial registration
 cancellation.                                         Restrictions
 2. Cancellation of related licenses                   1The file opening request must be submitted
                                                       through the Ministry of Human Resources and
Service Conditions & Restrictions                      Social Development website.
1. A designated account manager for the
company is required.
2. The request must be submitted through the
                                                      Service Fees
Ministry of Human Resources and Social                Payment of any applicable fees to the
Development's electronic services. If there is        government entity providing the service.
no account manager for the unified number, a
legal authorization from a Saudi agent with a
                                                       Service Application Location
copy of their ID must be provided.
                                                      • The Ministry of Investment website –
 Service Fees
                                                      Electronic Services Portal for inquiries and
 Payment of any applicable fees to the                complaints.
 government entity providing the service              • If you face any technical issues, we are
  Service Application Location                        happy to assist you at the One-Stop
                                                      Services centers.
 • Ministry of Human Resources and Social
 Development website.                                  Estimated Processing Time
 • If you face any technical issues, we are happy      1working day.
 to assist you at the One-Stop Services centers.

  Estimated Processing Time
  1 working day.
                                                 04.03.07 Transfer of Establishment
                                                 File Under Process

                                                 Service Description
                                                 This service is offered to businesses that
                                                 wish to convert their file from an
                                                 individual establishment (institution) to a
                                                 company.

                                                 Required Documents
                                                 1. A copy of the investment register.
Service Fees                                     2. A copy of the commercial register.
                                                 3. A copy of the founding contract.
Payment of any applicable fees required by the   4. A certificate from the Ministry of
government entity providing the service.         Commerce.
                                                 5. A certified commitment letter from the
                                                 Chamber of Commerce addressed to the
                                                 Ministry of Human Resources and Social
Service Application Location
                                                 Development, confirming the transfer of all
 None                                            labor and that there are no workers outside
Estimated Processing Time                        the kingdom or unused visas.
                                                 6. A certificate of cancellation or transfer of
1 working day.                                   ownership for licenses to a company
                                                 (municipality, Ministry of Transport, Ministry
                                                 of Health, Ministry of Education, Ministry of
                                                 Media).
                                                 7. A copy of the employer's ID.



                                                 Service Conditions &
                                                 Restrictions
                                                 1. Payment of the consolidated bill.
                                                 2. Resolving any existing issues if present.
                                                 3. No labor disputes pending against the
                                                 establishment.
                                                 4. No expired work permits.
                                                       04.03.08 Registration of
                                                       Unified Number Account
                                                       Manager
                                                       Service Description
                                                        This service is for establishments that
                                                        desire to register an account manager in
                                                        the Ministry of Human Resources and
04.03.09 Issuance of Visa for                           Social Development.

Senior Professions                                      Required Documents
 Service Description                                   1.A copy of the commercial registration.
                                                       2.A copy of the Articles of Association.
This service is for businesses wishing to issue a      3.A copy of the applicant's ID.
new work visa for high-level professions               4.A letter from the establishment requesting the
(General Manager, CEO, Chairman of the Board).         registration of an account manager certified by the
 Required Documents                                    Chamber of Commerce.

1. A copy of the investment register.                  Service Conditions & Restrictions
2. A copy of the commercial register.
                                                      •E- Services portal of Ministry of Human Resource and
3. A copy of the passport.
                                                      Social Development.
4. A copy of the founding contract.
                                                      •In the event of technical difficulties, the application c
5. Specify nationality and country of arrival.
                                                      be submitted manually or through the Ministry of
Service Conditions & Restrictions                     Investment's E-Services Portal - Government Services -
If a visa has been issued for one of the high-level   Ministry of Human Resource and Social Development
professions before, the second visa can be issued     with the attached proof.
via the electronic services of the Ministry of        .
Human Resources under the establishment’s             Service Fees
account.                                              Payment of any applicable fees required
Service Fees                                          by the government entity providing the
Payment of any applicable fees required               service.
by the government entity providing the                Service Application Location
service.                                               •            Ministry of Investment investors’
                                                       relations centers
                                                      Estimated Processing Time
Service Application Location
• The website of the Ministry of Investment –          1 working day.
Electronic Services Portal (inquiries and
complaints).
• The website of the Ministry of Human
Resources and Social Development –
Establishment account.
• In case of technical issues, the service can
also be accessed at One-Stop Services centers.
Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                04.03.10 Issuance of Work
                                                Permit for Senior Professions
                                                Service Description
                                                This service is for businesses wishing to
                                                issue a work permit for high-level
                                                professions (General Manager, CEO,
04.03.11 Update Expatriate                      Chairman of the Board).
                                                 Required Documents
Information
                                                1. A copy of the investment register.
 Service Description                            2. A copy of the commercial register.
                                                3. A copy of the passport.
 This service is provided for establishments    4. A copy of the border number.
 seeking to update expatriate information. ).
                                                Service Conditions & Restrictions
 Required Documents
 Copy of the residency/Iqama..                  None

Service Conditions & Restrictions               Service Fees
 None                                           Payment of any applicable fees required by the
                                                government entity providing the service.
Service Fees
Payment of any applicable fees required
by the government entity providing the          Service Application Location
service.                                        • The website of the Ministry of Investment –
                                                Electronic Services Portal (inquiries and
Service Application Location                    complaints).
                                                • In case of technical issues, the service can
•E-Services Portal - Government Services -      also be accessed at One-Stop Services centers.
Ministry of Human Resource and Social
Development.                                    Estimated Processing Time
•If you encounter any technical problem, we
will be pleased to serve you at Ministry of     1 working day.
Investment investors’ relations centers
.
Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                     04.04 Recruitment Affairs
                                                     Department at the Ministry of
                                                     Interior
                                                     04.04.01 Family Visa Sponsorship
                                                     Service Description
                                                      This service is for companies wishing to
                                                      bring in the family of an investor or a
                                                      professional in senior roles (e.g., general
04.05 Ministry of Foreign Affairs                     manager, CEO, board chairman).
04.05.01 Change Account                               Required Documents

Manager                                               1. Copy of the investment license.
                                                      2. Copy of the commercial registration.
                                                      3. Copy of the Articles of Incorporation.
   Service Description                                4. A letter addressed to the Ministry of
    This service is for companies wishing to          Investment, certified by the Chamber of
    update the account manager on the Social          Commerce.
    Insurance website.                                5. A letter addressed to the Recruitment
    Required Documents                                Affairs, certified by the Chamber of
                                                      Commerce.
 1. Copy of the investment license.
                                                      6. Copy of the residency permit.
 2. Copy of the commercial registration.
                                                      7. Copy of the passport.
 3. A letter from the company on official
                                                      8. Copy of the marriage certificate and the
 letterhead requesting the change of account
 manager, certified by the Chamber of Commerce.       wife's passport.
                                                      9. Birth certificates for children, along with
 Service Conditions & Restrictions                    copies of their passports.

• Complete the Employer Operations form, as           Service Conditions & Restrictions
approved by Social Insurance.                         • Complete and sign the recruitment
                                                      application form.
Service Fees
                                                      Service Fees
Payment of any applicable fees required
                                                     Payment of any applicable fees required
by the government entity providing the
                                                     by the government entity providing the
service.
                                                     service.
Service Application Location
                                                     Service Application Location
• Ministry of Investment website - Electronic
Services Portal (Inquiries and Complaints).          • Electronic Services Portal - Inquiries
• Social Insurance website.                          and Complaints.
• If you face any technical issues, the service is
also available at One-Stop Services centers.         • If you face any technical issues, the
                                                     service is also available at One-Stop
Estimated Processing Time                            Services centers.
 1 working day.                                       Estimated Processing Time
                                                      1 working day.
                                                  04.05.02 Separation of
                                                  Individual Establishments
                                                  from the Company

                                                Service Description
                                                This service is for companies that wish to
                                                separate their individual establishments
04.06 Ministry of Foreign                       from the company in the Social Insurance
Affairs                                         system.

                                                Required Documents
04.06.01 Commercial
                                                 1. Copy of the investment license.
Document Certification                           2. Copy of the commercial registration.
                                                 3. Copy of the incorporation contract

Service Description
                                                 Service Conditions &
 This service is provided for companies
 wishing to authenticate their official          Restrictions
 commercial documents (e.g.,                     • Complete the Employer Operations form, as
                                                 approved by Social Insurance.
 incorporation contracts, commercial
 registration extracts, financial statements,
                                                 Service Fees
 official company agencies, etc.).
                                                 Payment of any applicable fees required
 Required Documents                              by the government entity providing the
1. Original documents to be authenticated.
                                                 service.
2. Proof of the applicant's status.
                                                Service Application Location

Service Conditions & Restrictions                • Social Insurance website.
                                                 • If you face any technical issues, the
None
                                                 service is also available at One-Stop
Service Fees                                     Services centers.
Payment of any applicable fees required
                                                  Estimated Processing Time
by the government entity providing the
service.                                         1 working day.
Service Application Location
• One-Stop Services centers.


Estimated Processing Time
1 working day.
                                                       04.06.02 Family Visit Service
                                                       for Senior Professions on the
                                                       E-Visa Platform


 04.06.03 Modification of
 Arrival Destination
 Service Description                                  Service Description
  This service is provided for senior                   This service is provided for companies
  professionals who have issued a visa and              wishing to issue family visit visas for
  wish to modify their arrival country to the           employees in senior professions.
  Kingdom from a country where they hold
  residency, different from their country of           Required Documents
  citizenship registered in their passport.
                                                       1. Copy of the investment registration.
                                                       2. Copy of the commercial registration.
                                                       3. Copy of the identification
Required Documents                                    Service Conditions & Restrictions
1. Copy of the applicant's residency in the country
                                                       None
they wish to arrive from.
2. Copy of the issued visa.
Service Conditions & Restrictions
 None                                                 Service Fees
                                                      Payment of any applicable fees required by the
                                                      government entity providing the service.
Service Fees
Payment of any applicable fees required by the
                                                      Application Location
government entity providing the service.
                                                      • One-Stop Services centers (Jeddah).
 Application Location
• Ministry of Investment's website – Electronic
Services Portal for inquiries and complaints.

                                                      Estimated Processing Time
Estimated Processing Time
                                                      1 working day.

   1 working day.
05




 05.00 Requirements and
 Obligations
            5.1 Requirements for registration of special
            categories
                                   5.1.1 Types of activities, their requirements, minimum capital
                                   requirements, and national participation percentage


                                                                        Minimum Saudi
         Type of Activity               Minimum Capital (SR)                                      Additional requirements
                                                                        Participation (%)



     Commercial with Saudi
1                                              26,666,667                     25%                               -
          partner




                                                                                                 Presence in at least (3) regional
2    100% Foreign Commercia                    30,000,000                       -
                                                                                                       or global markets




3   Communications Activities                       -                         40%                               -




                                                                                                   Both partners (local and
                                                                                                foreign) must be licensed in the
    Professional Activities with
4                                                   -                         25%                 same field. If there is a non-
           Saudi Partner
                                                                                                professional partner, their share
                                                                                                     must not exceed 30%




     Engineering Consulting                                                                        Presence in 4 countries
5                                                   -                           -
     Activities 100% Foreign                                                                     At least 10 years of experience




                                                                                                  Letter of approval from the
6   100% Foreign Legal Activity                     -                           -
                                                                                                       Ministry of Justice




                                                                                                   Presence in 3 countries
7      Land Transportation                     10,000,000                       -
                                                                                                 At least 10 years of experience




                                     *The value of each project shall
                                       not be less than 30,000,000
8    Real Estate Development                                                    -                               -
                                     land and buildings outside the
                                       scope of Mecca and Medina
          5.1 Requirements for registration of special
          categories
                             5.1.1 Types of activities, their requirements, minimum capital
                             requirements, and national participation percentage


                                                        Minimum Saudi
       Type of Activity          Minimum Capital (SR)                               Additional requirements
                                                        Participation (%)




                                                                                   The commercial register of the
                                                                                       establishment requesting
                                                                                     registration for at least three
                                                                                          years to practice the
                                                                                          recruitment activity

                                                                                     Financial statements for the
                                                                                    last 3 fiscal years of the foreign
                                                                                         company applying for
                                                                                      registration, certified by the
                                                                                              Saudi Embassy

                                                                                     Submitting a performance
                                                                                    evaluation certificate from the
                                                                                       authority supervising the
                                                                                     export activity in the sending
                                                                                                country

                                                                                       The obligation to submit a
                                                                                         certificate issued by the
    Recruitment Agents and
                                                                                       supervisory authority in the
9   Domestic Worker Rental                -                     -
                                                                                    investor / investor country that
            Activity
                                                                                     no final judgment was issued
                                                                                        against any of the natural
                                                                                     partners for a crime involving
                                                                                     dishonor or breach of trust, or
                                                                                    any of the violations related to
                                                                                     the provisions governing child
                                                                                         protection or combating
                                                                                      trafficking in persons, unless
                                                                                             he is considered

                                                                                       Commitment to the
                                                                                      undertaking that any of the
                                                                                      partners has not previously
                                                                                      obtained a license to export
                                                                                       labor or was a partner in a
                                                                                         company practicing this
                                                                                       activity and its license has
                                                                                    been revoked by a decision or a
                                                                                    court ruling, unless at least five
                                                                                     years have passed since that
             5.1.2 Requirements for registering special
             categories



                                                                                            Financial
     Filing Categories            Definition                Requirements                                        Filing Categories
                                                                                        Consideration

                                                          If the applicant is a
                                                            company, attach a
                                                            decision from the
                                                           company’s board of
                            They are entrepreneurs           directors stating                                  The establishment is
                             and startups who wish             their desire to                                  obligated to pay the
                            to establish innovative,           register in the                              financial fee for the entire
                                distinguished, or                Kingdom                                       registration period, as
                              emerging technology         Submit a letter of                               determined by the Ministry
                               companies that are          support or proof of                                   when approving its
      Registration for
                              capable of expansion           project approval               Registration         registration, The
1     Entrepreneurial
                            and growth to provide a       from the supervising             Annual Update   establishment is obligated
      Establishments
                               better and different          authority (Saudi                                 to pay within 30 days of
                            product or service in the          universities or                                 notification of the due
                            Saudi market and have          accredited business                               amount, If payment is not
                                 support entities               incubators)                                  made within the specified
                                approved by the          If the applicant is an                            period, the registration will
                                     Ministry             individual residing in                                  be deemed void
                                                           the Kingdom, a no-
                                                          objection letter from
                                                           the employer must
                                                               be submitted



                                                                                                                The establishment is
                                                                                                                obligated to pay the
                                 These are foreign
                                                                                                            financial fee for the entire
                               companies that have         A copy of the letter
                                                                                                               registration period, as
                            obtained a government                 from the
                                                                                                            determined by the Ministry
         Temporary            contract and apply for        government agency
                                                                                                                 when approving its
     Registration for the    temporary investment              or the project
                                                                                            Registration         registration, The
2   implementation of a           registration to             implementation
                                                                                           Annual Update   establishment is obligated
        Government             implementation the            contract signed by
                                                                                                              to pay within 30 days of
          Contracts             government/semi-                the relevant
                                                                                                               notification of the due
                              government contract.          authority, including
                                                                                                             amount, If payment is not
                            This registration ends at       the contract period
                                                                                                             made within the specified
                             the end of the contract
                                                                                                            period, the registration will
                                                                                                                  be deemed void




                                                                                                                The establishment is
                                                                                                                obligated to pay the
                                These are foreign
                                                                                                            financial fee for the entire
                             companies that have a
                                                                                                               registration period, as
                                  Saudi agent or
                                                                                                            determined by the Ministry
                            authorized distributor in
                                                                                                                 when approving its
    Registration for the     the Kingdom and wish          Certified copy of the
                                                                                            Registration         registration, The
3     Scientific and           to open an office to           Saudi agent or
                                                                                           Annual Update   establishment is obligated
     Technical Office         provide scientific and             distributor
                                                                                                              to pay within 30 days of
                              technical services to
                                                                                                               notification of the due
                            agents, distributors, and
                                                                                                             amount, If payment is not
                                consumers of the
                                                                                                             made within the specified
                               company's products
                                                                                                            period, the registration will
                                                                                                                  be deemed void
            5.1.2 Requirements for registering special
            categories



                                                                                           Financial
    Filing Categories           Definition                 Requirements                                        Filing Categories
                                                                                       Consideration

                                                        A decision addressed
                                                           to the Ministry of
                                                         Investment from the
                                                                ministries,
                                                              government
                                                            institutions, or
                         These are the economic
                                                         relevant institutions
                          and technical offices of                                                             The establishment is
                                                         to open an economic
                            countries wishing to                                                               obligated to pay the
                                                         and technical liaison
                         register in the Kingdom                                                           financial fee for the entire
                                                              office in the
                              for the purpose of                                                              registration period, as
                                                                Kingdom
                           studying markets and                                                            determined by the Ministry
                                                        Submit a letter from
      Registration for   preparing reports on this                                                              when approving its
                                                            the Ministry of
       Economic and        study for the relevant                                          Registration         registration, The
4    Technical Liaison       institutions in their
                                                            Foreign Affairs
                                                                                          Annual Update   establishment is obligated
                                                           addressed to the
          Offices              country without                                                               to pay within 30 days of
                                                               Ministry of
                         executing any contracts                                                              notification of the due
                                                               Investment
                                or carrying out                                                             amount, If payment is not
                                                               requesting
                                commercial or                                                               made within the specified
                                                          registration for an
                           investment activity in                                                          period, the registration will
                                                             Economic and
                         the Kingdom, directly or                                                                be deemed void
                                                           Technical Liaison
                                   indirectly.
                                                           Office, including a
                                                           detailed business
                                                         plan for the activities
                                                         and services required
                                                             to be provided
                                                          within the Kingdom

                               It is a foreign
                          multinational company
                                                                                                               The establishment is
                         that wishes to establish
                                                                                                               obligated to pay the
                              an entity in the
                                                        A copy of two different                            financial fee for the entire
                         Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
                                                        commercial records of                                 registration period, as
                               as its regional
                                                          the establishment,                               determined by the Ministry
                              headquarters, in
                                                         certified by the Saudi                                 when approving its
        Regional            accordance with the
                                                       embassy, except for the             Registration         registration, The
5   Headquarters (RHQ)    laws of the Kingdom of
                                                       Kingdom of Saudi Arabia            Annual Update   establishment is obligated
         License            Saudi Arabia, for the
                                                          and the country in                                 to pay within 30 days of
                          purposes of supporting,
                                                       which the headquarters                                 notification of the due
                               managing, and
                                                          of the two heads of                               amount, If payment is not
                         strategically directing its
                                                           state are located                                made within the specified
                               branches and
                                                                                                           period, the registration will
                         subsidiaries operating in
                                                                                                                 be deemed void
                            the Middle East and
                             North Africa region
           5.1.3 Additional obligations based on the
           category and type of registered activity
                                Additional obligations that applicants for registration must adhere to
                                depending on the type of investment registration upon issuance:



        Categories/Activity                                                     Obligations




                                      •     Training 30% of Saudis.
                                      •     The company shall comply to achieve following standards during the first five years:
                                      •     The company shall comply to achieve the localization rates as determined by the
                                            Ministry of Human Resource and Social Development. The company shall develop and
                                            implement a plan to locate them in senior management posts in the first five years and
                                            to ensure their continuation.
                                      •     The company is complying with train (30%) of Saudi employees annually.
                                      •     The company shall comply to achieve one of the following options:
                                      •     Option 1: the company shall comply with investing an amount of no less than (300)
                                            million Saudi Riyals (including 30 million Saudi Riyals as the cash capital of the
                                            company) over five years starting from the date of obtaining the investment license.
                                      •     Option 2: the company shall comply with investing an amount of no less than (200)
                                            million Saudi Riyals (including 30 million Saudi Riyals as the cash capital of the
                                            company) over five years starting from the date of obtaining the investment license, in
                                            addition to achieving one or more of the following requirements during the first five
                                            years:


         Commercial activity
1
      (100% foreign Ownership)

                                                  The standard                               The minimum requirement



                                                                               30% or more of the company's products distributed
                                                 Manufacturing
                                                                               locally shall be manufactured in the Kingdom of
                                                                               Saudi Arabia



                                                                               5% or more of total sales shall be allocated to the
                                          Research and development
                                                                               establishment of a research
                                                  programs
                                                                               and development programs in the Kingdom




                                                                               The establishment of a unified center to provide
                                           Logistics and distribution
                                                                               those services, and provide after-sales services




                                      •   The office shall perform market feasibility studies on the type of the company’s activity,
                                          and prepare reports of this study for the main center. The office shall submit an annual
                                          summary of its activities to Ministry of Investment.
                                      •   The office is prohibited from performing any contracts or commercial activities or
2   Scientific and Technical Office
                                          investments in the Kingdom, directly or indirectly, while it is also prohibited from earning
                                          any fees for training Saudi technicians.
                                      •   Ministry of Investment has the right to revoke the license or not to renew it whenever it
                                          deems that the office's role is beyond the authorized purpose.
           5.1.3 Additional obligations based on the
           category and type of registered activity
                                Additional obligations that applicants for registration must adhere to
                                depending on the type of investment registration upon issuance:



        Categories/Activity                                                    Obligations




                                     •   The office may study the markets and prepare reports on this study for the relevant
                                         institutions in the country wishing to obtain registration, The office must submit an
                                         annual summary of its activities to the Ministry of Investment.
    Registration for Economic and
3                                    •   The office is prohibited from performing any contracts or commercial activities or
      Technical Liaison Offices
                                         investments in the Kingdom, directly or indirectly.
                                     •   Ministry of Investment has the right to revoke the license or not to renew it whenever it
                                         deems that the office's role is beyond the authorized purpose.




                                     •   The RHQ is established as a separate legal personality in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
                                         either as a company or as a registered branch of a foreign company.
                                     •   The RHQ shall not directly conduct commercial operations that generate revenue other
                                         than RHQ License activities.
                                     •   The RHQ must commence the mandatory RHQ activities* within six months of issuing the
                                         License.
                                     •   The RHQ must commence at least three optional RHQ activities** within one year of
    Regional Headquarters (RHQ)          issuing the RHQ License(The applicant selects the optional activities when applying for
4
              License                    registration).
                                     •   RHQ employees carrying on mandatory RHQ activities must have the relevant skills and
                                         knowledge developed at the headquarters or another regional headquarters of the
                                         Multinational Group, at least 3 employees of which must be of Executive Director level and
                                         Vice-President level.
                                     •   The RHQ must employ at least 15 full time employees deployed in the conduct of RHQ
                                         activities within one year of issuing the RHQ Register (including the senior level executives
                                         mentioned in point above).




                                     •   Establishments are committed to filling out the questionnaire shared with them by the
     All registered categories/All       Ministry, within a period not exceeding (14) working days from the date of notification, in
5
          Economic activities            order to avoid the investment establishment being subject to any effects that may result
                                         from the delay in providing the required data.
06




     06.00: Communication with the
     Ministry of Investment
      06.01 Communication Mechanism with the
      Ministry of Investment



1. Contacting the Ministry of Investment
The Ministry of Investment offers multiple ways to get in
touch with its Investor Care Team:
• Toll-Free Numbers:
o Inside Saudi Arabia: 8002449990
o Outside Saudi Arabia: +966112035777
• Live Chat:
o Visit the Ministry's website www.misa.gov.sa, log in to
your company account, and click on the help icon for
instant messaging.
• Callback Requests:
o Visit www.misa.gov.sa and request a callback via your
company's account.
• Social Media:
o Twitter: @MISACare
• Email:
o Email: InvestorCare@misa.gov.sa
  06.02 Addresses of One-Stop Services centers



Free number            Coordinates             Detailed Address


                                      Imam Saud Bin Abdulaziz Bin Mohammad
                                     Road, after the intersection with Takhassusi
                                                  Street heading west
                                                   National Address:
                                                Building Number: 3912
                                              Additional Number: 6229
                                                   Postal Code: 12382




                                      Prince Sultan Street, after the intersection
                                           with Hope Street, heading north
                                                Building Number: 7241
                                               Additional Number: 2810
                                                  Postal Code: 23621




                                      Prince Sultan Street, after the intersection
                                           with Hope Street, heading north
                                                Building Number: 7241
                                               Additional Number: 2810
                                                  Postal Code: 23621




                                        Tariq bin Ziad Street (intersection with
                                                    Granada Street)
                                            Al-Rakah Al-Janubiyah District
                                                Building Number: 7296
                                               Additional Number: 2231
                                                   Postal Code: 34227
07




 07.00: Attachments
7.1 List of violations
The Ministry is responsible for monitoring gross and non-corporeal violations
against the registered establishment in accordance with what is stipulated
in the executive regulations of the investment system.

7.11 List of serious violations:


1- Engaging in an investment activity without the registration.


2- Practicing investment in exempt activities without obtaining approval, or after its expiration or
cancellation, or in violation of the conditions related to its practice.

3- Change of ownership of restricted activities without prior approval.


4- The investor provides misleading or incorrect information to the ministry or competent
authority.



5- The investor prevents or obstructs the regulatory official from carrying out his duties under the
regulations.
7.1 List of violations
The Ministry is responsible for monitoring gross and non-corporeal violations
against the registered establishment in accordance with what is stipulated
in the executive regulations of the investment system.

7.1.2 List of non-serious violations:


1- Engaging in an investment activity without reactivating the registration.


2- Failure to provide the Ministry with the requested documents, information, or data for the
purpose of assessing compliance with the required conditions for conducting activities.

3- Relocating or changing the establishment’s site without notifying the Ministry within ten (10)
working days of the change.

4- Changing or modifying the establishment’s account manager details without notifying the
Ministry within ten (10) working days of the change.



5- Non-compliance with the mandatory conditions for conducting permitted activities.
